= rescue_me

Provides a convenience method to retry blocks of code that might fail due to
temporary errors, e.g. a network service that becomes temporarily unavailable.
The retries are timed to back-off exponentially (2^n seconds), hopefully giving
time for the remote server to recover. These are the default wait times between
consecutive attempts:
  0, 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64, 128, ... seconds

Usage:
  rescue_and_retry(max_attempts, *temporary_exceptions) {
    # your code
  }

Example - retry my code up to 7 times (over about a minute) if I see the
following 2 network errors:
  rescue_and_retry(7, Net::SMTPServerBusy, IOError) {
    smtp.send_message(message, from_address, to_address )
  }

Log output:
  WARN -- : rescue and retry (attempt 1/5): ./mailer.rb:43,  <SMTPServerBusy: 451 4.3.0 Mail server temporarily rejected message.>
  WARN -- : rescue and retry (attempt 2/5): ./mailer.rb:43,  <SMTPServerBusy: 451 4.3.0 Mail server temporarily rejected message.>
  WARN -- : rescue and retry (attempt 3/5): ./mailer.rb:43,  <SMTPServerBusy: 451 4.3.0 Mail server temporarily rejected message.>
  # No further output or stacktrace. Block succeeded on 4th attempt.


== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Arild Shirazi. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
      and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARILD SHIRAZI ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL ARILD SHIRAZI OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The views and conclusions contained in the software and documentation are those
of the authors and should not be interpreted as representing official policies,
either expressed or implied, of Arild Shirazi.
